The talent show America deserves.
Fame or Shame.
The winner gets one million dollars
and tours around the country before
disappearing back to bitter obscurity.
The finals continue with...
She Male Bop.
You guys are going to the finals.
Mimes on Fire.
Whoo!
What a talent!
I've never seen someone set fire to their
crotch before!
Fantastic.
The Most Racist Guy in America!
You all disgust me!
America loves you.
You are in the finals!
Recorded live from the Vinewood Bowl!
Who will win it all?
Who will humiliate themselves in front of
the world?
Find out tonight on Fame or Shame the finals.
Now, please welcome your host, Lazlow.
Yeah!
Oh, oh, oh no he didn't!
Yes!
Thank you,
thank you.
Oh God, thank you so much.
It's great to be back, thank you.
Fame or Shame...
Completely original television.
Something you've never seen before.
We've got desperados performing,
we've got has-beens judging them,
we've got anodyne metrosexual
holding everything together.
We are down to the top acts.
It's the finals!
Yeah!
And here are our Fame or Shame judges.
Let's introduce, you love him,
I love him.
Ladies and gentlemen...
Hugh Harrison!
Woo!
So, who are you calling a has-been?
Um...
Hugh, save the venom for the acts.
They're not even out yet.
Do you have a stylist?
What's she dressed you as?
What do they call this look?
Morgue chic?
Gay romp?
Is that what it is?
Two gays, one cup?
Look at ya!
Oh my God.
Come on, Hugh.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Anita Mendoza.
Woo.
Give the guy a break.
Guy...
or gay?
This chap is so deep in the closet,
his friends call him mothballs.
Ok, ok.
Listen, why are you so fascinated with my
sexuality?
Are you even really British?
Of course, I'm from Stafford-shire-burg-on-sea...
Mate.
Uh huh, ok.
Right.
And finally ladies and gentlemen,
give it up for Imran Shinowa.
Yay!
Imran you're awfully quiet, like normally
by
now you're throwing refreshing sponsor beverages
at me.
I've been meditating, Lazlow.
Well... try not to do it on live TV, alright?
You're putting America to sleep.
In my silence, a great God came to me and
asked me a question -
why does the metrosexual one dress like such
a turd?
Hey, hey,
I'm not the one who cares about his performance
tonight alright?
I've already won!
It's Fame or Shame.
We're all friends here,
friends who slightly loathe each other
and say nasty things during contract renegotiations...
and yes, before you ask this is a Face brand
watch.
Face!
Official chronograph of Fame or Shame.
Fantastic Lazlow, and that reminds me.
I'm just going to have a Junk energy drink.
Junk!
The official energy drink of Fame or Shame.
Really?
I wanted a nice can of refreshing Sprunk.
Sprunk!
The official soft drink of Fame or Shame.
Can I mention that I bank with Fleeca,
so I've started paying for everything?
Fleeca.
The official credit card of Fame or Shame.
Excellent, I love it!
Subtle, organic sponsor tie-ins.
Nice.
Unlike your hair, you annoying poof.
Oh Hugh, you are too much.
It's a combination of the accent and the incredibly
witty lines.
Oh yes, well the British.
Overweight, rainy, rednecks,
who are always trying to sound smart.
Alright let's get down to it, enough of this
nonsense.
Tonight, in association with Lombank,
here are some of Hugh's greatest moments from
this season,
just to fill some time!
You are absolutely awful.
Almost as bad as Lazlow.
That was like having my balls sucked by an
elderly orang-utan...
and I'm not Lazlow,
so that wouldn't be a lot of fun for me, would
it?
I hope, I really do hope and pray that you
die a painful death
immediately after Lazlow.
I'm losing the will to live here.
Really, truly, you're awful.
Awful, awful, awful, awful...
I can't say it enough,
I will say it again, awful.
Awful!
Wait, what are you doing?
Argh, my God.
Getting a bit wild, stop!
Jesus Christ.
We've got a great night of television for
ya...
Arghh.
Goddammit!
You're fucking hur...
Hugh,
you British have such a sophisticated sense
of humor.
Yes, the British, so funny...
So funny...
I love you, buddy.
I love you too!
Right here...
The weird thing is he really does love me,
yeah.
Or at least he tries to every night in my
dressing room.
Come on, please, alright.
I was drunk, I mean.
You?
I'd rather finger that fat Irish singer we
voted off last week.
Oh, the tabloids say you actually did.
What?
Had sex in exchange for advancing her to the
finals.
Boo!
Please, please.
Who listens to fat people?
Or the tabloids?
I mean they're all so desperate.
Anyway let's get on with the show.
Ladies and Gentleman, Fame or Shame.
Our next contestant...
William Angio.
Whoa, so good to see you.
I am so excited.
It's like when you sing a dream,
I feel like you are singing straight to me!
Because I am.
Alright, alright, come on.
We've got a show to do.
Alright, Hugh?
Alright, well we're glad you made it to the
next round.
We really want you to take your performance
to the next level
and prove the doubters wrong,
who are saying that me and everyone connected
to this show
have ruined pop music.
Because we have not!
Anyway, be rude to Lazlow,
he really likes it!
You... you really suck, dude.
Wait a second.
Lovely, that's good.
How could I suck?
I host a talent show, alright?
I'm on national television.
And I get paid a lot, alright?
And I get chicks.
Here smell...
No, God!
Alright, oh sorry that was a sandwich.
Smell!
No, I don't wanna smell your finger.
Ok.
She wasn't even that fat.
Alright, so I'm not gay.
Alright, whatever, let's get to it.
Okay?
I am so desperate to hear you sing...
I mean last time you were fantastic.
So you're gonna do a Love Fist classic, right?
No, it's from one of Jezz's solo records,
which I'm going to improvise,
with the help of this pre-recorded backing
track,
conveniently placed wind machine
and expensive mood lighting.
It was number one in Germany for nineteen
weeks.
It's called...
This is a Power Ballad.
Alright, well yeah, about the wind machine,
me and the stinky finger girl kind of busted
it earlier, but...
I'm sure you'll be fine.
Are you ready?
Yes I am.
Alright, it's Fame or Shame for William Angio!
So hear it.
We've been through a lot.
We're both hurt - You've cried and I've cried.
Tears.
But no one's yet been shot.
Our romance has dwindled and died.
But it's the flame that will never die
and this is a power ballad
sung about you and I.
I usually sing about carnage and rape
but now I show I really hurt.
I sit alone with my guitar on a fire escape
in the rain with dry hair but a soaking shirt.
There's helicopters with floodlights showing
the way
I'm dangerous and this is a power ballad -
it's totally not the least bit
gay.
Gay!
I need a string quartet to come in right here.
'Cause nothing says rock like cellos and violins.
This song's for the ladies while men go get
beers.
See I don't just trash hotel rooms and shoot
heroin.
The video should have two sluts fighting over
me!
Sluts!
'Cause this is a power ballad -
it's stupid but I sing it with all of my might.
So let's remember that our flame will never
die.
'Cause this is a power ballad -
Sung about you and I.
Fantastic!
I'm moist!
Let's take a break before we hear from the
judges
and find out if that was Fame or Shame.
What do you guys think?
You wanna come see my trailer later?
Come on!
Awkward.
Come on.
Are you still stuck on 4G?
Whiz wireless is the only network offering
incredible nine-G technology.
Yes, that's the ninth generation.
Featuring the new Drone, it's significantly
better than the iFruit phone.
How do we know that?
Because we blatantly ripped off their design
and improved a couple of irrelevant features.
9G, discover your future.
You can't be the best if you aren't doing
eight things at once on a tiny screen.
The Drone from Whiz Wireless.
Together we're making your life nine times
better.
That's the promise of the ninth generation!
Whoo, sweet beans and bacon, that's good.
Welcome back, sorry,
I was just finishing a refreshing Logger.
Logger!
The official beer of Fame or Shame.
That's a lie.
He just followed some poor guy in to the loo,
so he could show him his logger.
Imran.
Hey, it's been like 5 minutes since you said
anything.
You're paid to talk buddy.
I'm here in association with Flow Water.
Flow Water.
Hey.
Let's take a minute for the troops, and...
and for disabled people, and...
and for sick pets, and...
and for ugly people.
They...
they suffer the most of all.
And speaking of ugly people...
is William a pimple on America's ass,
or a charming gnome in its garden?
Fame or Shame.
Anita?
I think...
shame...
which is a shame.
It just...
It just wasn't there for me.
That's gotta be pretty heart breaking, buddy.
But you're not out of the running yet.
Imran?
I just love the exciting variety of toppings
available at Up-n-Atom Burger.
Up-n-Atom Burger.
What?
Shame, no question.
Yeah, shame.
Two down there power ballad boy.
Let's talk to the big chief and hear from
him,
Hugh?
Well William,
you know, umm.
You are so ugly, ugly!
Even Lazlow would turn out the light...
and you sing like Jezz Torrent's arsehole
after a curry.
Oh come on mate.
One guy calls you talentless,
ugly and a waste of space on national television
and you cry?
Wow!
What are you thinking right now?
What's going through your head
as those tears are coming down your face,
buddy?
I'm just...
I'm just proud of the journey I've been on...
It means so much to me.
God...
And my sick brother and our dead dog.
Did I mention my mother, Lazlow?
Did I mention nobody cares?
Well, she abandoned me.
Woopsie-doo...
People are abandoning the show in droves.
Our ratings are in the toilet.
Somebody do something controversial.
Anita flash your titties!
No!
Have a mental breakdown, or something...
Unacceptable.
What is this?
Hugh, shoot him...
shoot him in the nuts.
I...
I can't lose this gig.
I got a mortgage to pay.
When I feel anxiety I visit Pill Pharm.
After my dad got sent to jail they foreclosed
on our farm too.
Hold on, wait a minute...
Listen, I still gotta vote for William...
Yeah, exactly.
Alright, we've got one more vote on Fame or
Shame.
Hugh?
I am going to vote...
Fame.
What?
Fame!
Woo!
America needs power ballads sung by top talent
with exciting back stories like you.
And I'd like to sign you to my record label,
and make you a star.
But first please, will you do me a favor?
What?
Anything!
Do the honors and get us out of here
and take him out.
What?
Punch him in the face!
What are you...
Sorry!
This has been Fame or Shame, the finals.
We'll have more finals next week
brought to you in association with
Maibatsu cars and the Drone,
just like the iFruit phone,
but lets you look down on people
in a whole new way.
We'll see you on the next finals of Fame or
Shame!
Jesus, sweet donkeys!
Don't miss the next episode of Fame or Shame,
the finals.